README.md, before:

# Tactical Compass

---

## ABOUT

The addon adds a compass like in Skyrim, PUBG, Squad, etc.
Marker system displays all PDA spots.

---

## REQUIREMENTS

Mandatory addons required for the mod to work:
1. [Mod Configuration Menu](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/anomaly-mod-configuration-menu)

Optional addons:
1. [Display Campfires on Map (HarukaSai)](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/displaycampfiresonmap) - campfires display.
2. [Fillable Canteens 2.0 (HarukaSai)](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/fillable-canteens-20) - water pumps display.
3. [S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2 Style HUD/UI v2.4](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/stalker-2-style-ui) - STALKER 2 UI.

---

## INSTALLATION

1. Download and install the requirements.
2. Download my addon.
3. Use the keyboard shortcut Ctrl + M **(MO2 required)** to select the archive with my addon.
4. If you want to see campfires, water pumps and corpses on the mini-map - additionally install the addons listed above.

---

## SUPPORT & SUGGESTIONS
- ModDB [page](https://www.moddb.com/members/explorerbee).
- Discord: **@explorerbee** (explorerbee#4024).

---

## CREDITS
The implementation of the compass behavior was taken from the [A.N.T.H.O.L.O.L.O.G.Y. modpack](https://ap-pro.ru/forums/topic/4266-anomaly-anthology-12/).
The code for getting target coordinates was adapted and taken [from the Ubisoft Friendly HUD](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/hud-ubisoft-friendly) mod.

Special thanks to:
- VodoXleb - scripts;
- xcvb (bvcx) - scripts;
- RavenAScendant - scripts;
- morrazzzz - found actor_map_location_added callback, thanks to which the compass was optimized.
- EZ4E99 - permission to use his compass textures.

Commit message:

edited installation guide in readme files

README.md, after:

# Tactical Compass

---

## ABOUT

The addon adds a compass like in Skyrim, PUBG, Squad, etc.
Marker system displays all PDA spots.

---

## REQUIREMENTS

Mandatory addons required for the mod to work:
1. [Mod Configuration Menu](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/anomaly-mod-configuration-menu)

Optional addons:
1. [Display Campfires on Map (HarukaSai)](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/displaycampfiresonmap) - campfires display.
2. [Fillable Canteens 2.0 (HarukaSai)](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/fillable-canteens-20) - water pumps display.
3. [S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2 Style HUD/UI v2.4](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/stalker-2-style-ui) - STALKER 2 UI.

---

## INSTALLATION

1. Download and install the requirements.
2. Download my addon.
3. Use the keyboard shortcut Ctrl + M **(MO2 required)** to select the archive with addon and follow the instructions in the installation window.
4. If you want to see campfires, water pumps and corpses on the mini-map - additionally install the addons listed above.

---

## SUPPORT & SUGGESTIONS
- ModDB [page](https://www.moddb.com/members/explorerbee).
- Discord: **@explorerbee** (explorerbee#4024).

---

## CREDITS
The implementation of the compass behavior was taken from the [A.N.T.H.O.L.O.L.O.G.Y. modpack](https://ap-pro.ru/forums/topic/4266-anomaly-anthology-12/).
The code for getting target coordinates was adapted and taken [from the Ubisoft Friendly HUD](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/hud-ubisoft-friendly) mod.

Special thanks to:
- VodoXleb - scripts;
- xcvb (bvcx) - scripts;
- RavenAScendant - scripts;
- morrazzzz - found actor_map_location_added callback, thanks to which the compass was optimized.
- EZ4E99 - permission to use his compass textures.
